docs: add i18n explanations (#134)
ory/elements: README.md

## Breaking Changes

> ### v0.0.1-beta.14

Reviewer: maybe let's bump this version to a new major version
0.0.2-beta.1

Author: New major would be `1.0.0`, but :shrug: 
npm will also auto-update to ` 0.0.2-beta.1`

Reviewer: ah true. but at least we indicate something changed between 0.0.1 -> 0.0.2

Reviewer: or maybe we should bump to 0.1.0 ?

```json
...
"devDependencies": {
"@ory/elements": "*"
}
...
```

### Default Translations

> Ory Elements comes with default translations for any language that was added
> yet. They are located in the `src/locales` directory. The English messages are
> extracted from the code and merged with Kratos messages. To update them, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ory Elements comes with default translations for a few language, such as English, German and Spanish.
They are located in the `src/locales` directory. The English messages are
extracted from the code and merged with Kratos messages. To update them, run
```

Reviewer: not sure what `code` the messages are extracted from. Is it from the Ory Elements codebase?

`npm run generate-locales`. They need to be updated every time new messages are
added to Elements or Kratos. All other languages are derived from the English

> messages (currently as a PR in this repository). The default translations are
> loaded by the `IntlProvider` from Ory Elements.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
messages. The default translations are
loaded by the `IntlProvider` from Ory Elements.

```

}
```

### Internalization (i18n)

Ory Elements uses [react-intl](https://formatjs.io/docs/react-intl/) to format
messages and provide translations. The default language is american English, but
you can provide your own translations by using the `IntlProvider` component. The
default translations of Ory Elements are located in the `src/locales` directory.
They can be loaded using the `IntlProvider` from Ory Elements. Please note that
it is necessary to wrap all Ory Element components either in the `IntlProvider`
from `react-intl` or Ory Elements.

```tsx

> import { IntlProvider } from "@ory/elements-react"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { IntlProvider } from "@ory/elements"
```

react is the default package

const Main = () => {
  return (

>     <IntlProvider locale="de">

Reviewer: how can I add my own custom language as a consumer of the library? is there an easy override i can do or a file I can give it?
